Add CHANGELOG for v0.5.0 (#64)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-okta: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.5.0 [2022-01-27]

_Enhancements_

> - Added limit handling to `okta_application` table to reduce page size if `limit` is specified in the query while listing applications ([#61](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-okta/pull/61))

Reviewer: @misraved Since we did this for multiple tables now, we could probably generalize this note?

Reviewer: We could also include notes about updating default page sizes and context cancellation handling

> - TBD for context cancellation 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add context cancellation handling to all the tables as below?
```

_Bug fixes_

> - Updated `okta_app_assigned_group` and `okta_app_assigned_user` tables to hydrate more efficiently and reduce the number of API calls the tables make for accounts with a large number of okta applications ([#61](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-okta/pull/61))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated `okta_app_assigned_group` and `okta_app_assigned_user` tables to hydrate more efficiently and reduce the number of API calls the tables make for accounts with a large number of applications ([#61](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-okta/pull/61))
```

> - Fixed the `okta_app_assigned_group` to correctly return the groups that the application integrations are assigned to instead of an empty table ([#61](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-okta/pull/61))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the `okta_app_assigned_group` and `okta_app_assigned_user` tables to correctly return assigned groups and users instead of empty results ([#61](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-okta/pull/61))
```
